No sir,
Did we get it wrong first?
fine. So shall we go show you this?
Just get married and get gifts.
It's not too forward.
When our old family had family rules,
No gifts. Only, sort of.
No, I'm too impatient,
But we have no interest.
There is no point of interest.
Can be cultivated slowly
I trust you
So I think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it.
Think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it, think about it.
Think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think Think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think Think about it think about it
If this is the case
He might not be happy
His quasi-wealth
She is a famous threatening lady
Junhua knows
The total wealth I got is quite handsome and huge.
I heard that
How so?
I'll give it to you
Already twenty-six
Still get it anywhere
I also heard
He had a female star who raised him high
He just threw them out.
i like you too